Add multiple agents group assignment section (#7309)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/agent/agent-management/grouping-agents.rst

    :alt: Multi-group shared files
    :align: center
    :width: 70%

Assigning multiple agents to a group
------------------------------------

> It's also possible to assign multiple agents to a single group using the **Wazuh API** endpoint :api-ref:`PUT /agents/group <operation/api.controllers.agent_controller.put_multiple_agent_single_group>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to assign multiple agents to a single group using the Wazuh API endpoint :api-ref:`PUT /agents/group <operation/api.controllers.agent_controller.put_multiple_agent_single_group>`. For instance, to assign agents with IDs ``001`` and ``002`` to the ``aws_agents`` group, run the following command.
```

>    .. code-block:: console
> 
>       # curl -k -X PUT "https://localhost:55000/agents/group?agents_list=001,002&group_id=aws_agents" -H  "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN"
> 
>    .. code-block:: json
>         :class: output
> 
>         {
>            "data": {
>                "affected_items": [
>                    "001",
>                    "002"
>                ],
>                "total_affected_items": 2,
>                "total_failed_items": 0,
>                "failed_items": []
>            },
>            "message": "All selected agents were assigned to aws_agents",
>            "error": 0
>         }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: console

   # curl -k -X PUT "https://localhost:55000/agents/group?agents_list=001,002&group_id=aws_agents" -H  "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN"

.. code-block:: json
   :class: output
   :emphasize-lines: 4,5,11

   {
      "data": {
          "affected_items": [
              "001",
              "002"
          ],
          "total_affected_items": 2,
          "total_failed_items": 0,
          "failed_items": []
      },
      "message": "All selected agents were assigned to aws_agents",
      "error": 0
   }
```

> After that, we can get the agents that belong to the group using the **Wazuh API** endpoint :api-ref:`GET /groups/{group_id}/agents <operation/api.controllers.agent_controller.get_agents_in_group>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can list the agents belonging to the ``aws_agents`` group using the Wazuh API endpoint :api-ref:`GET /groups/{group_id}/agents <operation/api.controllers.agent_controller.get_agents_in_group>`.
```

>     .. code-block:: console
> 
>         # curl -k -X GET "https://localhost:55000/groups/aws_agents/agents?select=id" -H  "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN"
> 
>     .. code-block:: json
>         :class: output
> 
>         {
>            "data": {
>                "affected_items": [
>                    {
>                        "id": "001"
>                    },
>                    {
>                        "id": "002"
>                    }
>                ],
>                "total_affected_items": 2,
>                "total_failed_items": 0,
>                "failed_items": []
>            },
>            "message": "All selected agents information was returned",
>            "error": 0
>         }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: console

   # curl -k -X GET "https://localhost:55000/groups/aws_agents/agents?select=id" -H  "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN"

.. code-block:: json
   :class: output
   :emphasize-lines: 5,8

   {
      "data": {
          "affected_items": [
              {
                  "id": "001"
              },
              {
                  "id": "002"
              }
          ],
          "total_affected_items": 2,
          "total_failed_items": 0,
          "failed_items": []
      },
      "message": "All selected agents information was returned",
      "error": 0
   }
```

    :alt: Multi-group shared files
    :align: center
    :width: 70%

Assigning multiple agents to a group
------------------------------------

> It's also possible to assign multiple agents to a single group using the Wazuh API endpoint :api-ref:`PUT /agents/group <operation/api.controllers.agent_controller.put_multiple_agent_single_group>`. For instance, to assign agents with IDs ``001`` and ``002`` to the ``aws_agents`` group, execute the following request.

Author: Replaced `run the following command` with `execute the following request` because even though it's a command, what is actually assigning the agents is the request that the command creates.
